six weeks after national signing day
when seniors normally make their
announcement and science we had to wait
a little bit but now it is official for
more on priors announcement we say hello
tspn coms mark schlabach and tom
luginbill ease the national recruiting
director for ESPN scouts inc tom we
begin with you why did terrelle pryor
takes so long to make up his mind or at
least make the announcement well first
and foremost I think he had a lot of
different people in his camp tugging him
in a lot of different directions his
father really liked a Penn State wanted
him to maybe a ten Penn State he felt at
the time leading up to national signing
day that he needed more time to see
other schools Penn State being one of
them in Oregon being one of them
ironically I think what's so odd about
this whole process and how it's dragged
on is he never ended up taking an
official visit to either one of those
two schools it's been Michigan and Ohio
State now a two horse race for at least
six weeks so I'm kind of I'm kind of
perplexed as to why it even got to this
point with that being said if you're
making comparisons I mean the guy is an
amazing athlete 66 230 who would you
compare them to as a player Tom I think
the natural comparisons are obviously
drawn to Vince Young both coming out of
high school the measurables are present
better runners and they are pastors at
that early stage and I think both need
to develop during their college ranks
and I think that Vince Young obviously
did we'll find out if Terrelle Pryor
will develop in the same manner as a
passer and I think the choice he made
today was the best choice to aid in that
development down the road because he's
not going to be asked at Ohio State to
come in be thrown to the wolves right
away and be the savior that's going to
help his development any chance mark
that he will redshirt I would think that
I think that's the best thing for my you
know tom has evaluated him and seen him
more than I have but everything I've
been told and read is that he needs to
really work on his passing game the
footwork the throwing motion you know
pick up the the progressions and the
tendencies in the passing game and I
think he needs a year to do that new
great time I completely agree I don't
know if he'll redshirt I I think he's
probably going to be used in a role
similar to Tim Tebow was used as a
freshman at Florida give him doses of
the office that he can handle that will
give him success keep him away from some
things it could create some failure form
and her
his confidence and all the while get him
in the film room and develop him as a
passer it's easy to become enamored with
terrelle pryor's physical prowess all
the things that he can do with his legs
the reality of the situation is he's no
different than other players he has
flaws he has weaknesses and he has not
developed as a pastor yet he is not
ready to go into college football and be
a full-time quarterback he's ready to be
a full-time athlete and create some
plays but as a quarterback I'm just not
sure and that's why I think this coming
year is going to be great for him down
the road as opposed as market mention to
go into Michigan and expected be the guy
when the supporting cast around him is
not present to give him a chance to be
successful well we talked about his
athletic prowess he just led his high
school team the Jeanette Jaguars to the
class 2a state basketball championship I
mean he's an amazing athlete what
happens tom if he wants to play
basketball at Ohio State too is it a
possibility I can't imagine it's not a
possibility I know this has got to be
something that both head coaches have
discussed throughout the recruiting
process they realize it is a huge time
management issue when you get a young
man coming in he's got to get acclimated
to school going to class on his own
study hall the workouts getting you know
acclimated to football to another level
and then all of a sudden basketball
comes around so I think if they're going
to do that they're going to be very
cautious but i think really terrelle
pryor smart enough to realize that his
future lies in football if basketball
can be a part of it great but I don't
think he he really you know put his
stake in the ground at basketballs being
where he was going to sign for football
I don't think that was a case at all
well it may have been a long time coming
but I'm sure Buckeyes fans agree now it
is official that it was worth the wait
mark and Tom thank you very much we'll
talk to you guys soon